src/content/docs/Building on Router Chain/module 3..md, before:

---
title: Module 3 - Exploring the RouterToolkit
description: Get Started with Router Academy.
---

## Router Station

All the Smart Contracts written on Router Chain can be Deployed either via Terminal Commands or the User Interface of Router Station.

Router Station is a Web App, which can be used to Deploy & Run Queries on Smart Contracts by directly Uploading your Code or entering your _CodeId_. Click [here](https://station.routerprotocol.com/) to access Router Station.

## Router Faucet

Router Faucet is used to get Testnet Tokens for your Router Chain Address. Click [here](https://faucet.routerprotocol.com/) to access the Router Faucet.

Below are the Details of Router Chain **Testnet**, which you can add in your MetaMask Wallet & fix in your Router Station -

- ***Chain ID***: `9607`
- ***RPC URL***: `https://lcd.sentry.routerchain.dev`
- ***Token***: `ROUTE`
- ***Denom***: `route`
- ***REST Endpoint***: `https://tmrpc.sentry.routerchain.dev`
- ***GRPC Endpoint***: `https://grpcweb.sentry.routerchain.dev`
- ***Coin Decimals***: `18`

## Router Explorer



## CrossTalk Library

Apart from CosmWasm, for Implementing cross-chain functionalities on Router Chain, one has to use CrossTalk Library. It Comprises of all the functions required for making for DApp cross-chain via Router Protocol.

Click [here](https://docs.routerprotocol.com/develop/message-transfer-via-crosstalk) to Learn about CrossTalk Library.

Commit message:

fixed modules 1-5 of building on router chain course

src/content/docs/Building on Router Chain/module 3..md, after:

---
title: Module 3 - Exploring the RouterToolkit
description: Get Started with Router Academy.
---

## Router Station

All the Smart Contracts written on Router Chain can be Deployed either via Terminal Commands or the User Interface of Router Station.

Router Station is a Web App, which can be used to Deploy & Run Queries on Smart Contracts by directly Uploading your Code or entering your _CodeId_. Click [here](https://station.routerprotocol.com/) to access Router Station.

## Router Faucet

Router Faucet is used to get Testnet Tokens for your Router Chain Address. Click [here](https://faucet.routerprotocol.com/) to access the Router Faucet.

Below are the Details of Router Chain **Testnet**, which you can add in your MetaMask Wallet & fix in your Router Station -

- ***Chain ID***: `9607`
- ***RPC URL***: `https://lcd.sentry.routerchain.dev`
- ***Token***: `ROUTE`
- ***Denom***: `route`
- ***REST Endpoint***: `https://tmrpc.sentry.routerchain.dev`
- ***GRPC Endpoint***: `https://grpcweb.sentry.routerchain.dev`
- ***Coin Decimals***: `18`

## Router Explorer

To view all the Transaction Hashes on Router Chain Explorer, Click [here](https://testnet.routerscan.io/transactions).

## CrossTalk Library

Apart from CosmWasm, for Implementing cross-chain functionalities on Router Chain, one has to use CrossTalk Library. It Comprises of all the functions required for making for DApp cross-chain via Router Protocol.

Click [here](https://docs.routerprotocol.com/develop/message-transfer-via-crosstalk) to Learn about CrossTalk Library.
