src/content/docs/Building on Router Chain/module 5.mdx, before:

---
title: Module 5 - Deploying Smart Contracts on Router Chain
description: Get Started with Router Academy.
---

## Router Rust Optimizer

After Building your Smart Contracts it is essential to Deploy them. Deployment is done via the `.wasm` file you get in the `artifacts` Directory. There are Two ways of Deploying the Contracts - 

- Router Station
- `routerd` CLI

Before We Upload `.wasm` file to Chain, we need to ensure the Smallest Output Size Possible, as this will be included in the Body of a Transaction. We also want to have a Reproducible Build Process, so third Parties can Verify that the Uploaded Wasm Code did indeed come from the Claimed Rust Code.

To Solve Both these issues, we have Produced `rust-optimizer`, a Docker Image to Produce an extremely Small Build Output in a Consistent Manner. The Suggest way to Run it is this -

```bash
docker run --rm -v "$(pwd)":/code \
  --mount type=volume,source="$(basename "$(pwd)")_cache",target=/code/target \
  --mount type=volume,source=registry_cache,target=/usr/local/cargo/registry \
  cosmwasm/workspace-optimizer:0.12.6
```

Or, if you're on an arm64 machine, you should use a Docker Image Built with arm64.

```bash
docker run --rm -v "$(pwd)":/code \
  --mount type=volume,source="$(basename "$(pwd)")_cache",target=/code/target \
  --mount type=volume,source=registry_cache,target=/usr/local/cargo/registry \
  cosmwasm/workspace-optimizer-arm64:0.12.6
```

## Deployment via Router Station

## Deployment via CLI

Commit message:

module 5 ✅ - building on router chain

src/content/docs/Building on Router Chain/module 5.mdx, after:

---
title: Module 5 - Deploying Smart Contracts on Router Chain
description: Get Started with Router Academy.
---

import { Aside } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

## Router Rust Optimizer

After Building your Smart Contracts it is essential to Deploy them. Deployment is done via the `.wasm` file you get in the `artifacts` Directory. There are Two ways of Deploying the Contracts - 

- Router Station
- `routerd` CLI

Before We Upload `.wasm` file to Chain, we need to ensure the Smallest Output Size Possible, as this will be included in the Body of a Transaction. We also want to have a Reproducible Build Process, so third Parties can Verify that the Uploaded Wasm Code did indeed come from the Claimed Rust Code.

To Solve Both these issues, we have Produced `rust-optimizer`, a Docker Image to Produce an extremely Small Build Output in a Consistent Manner. The Suggest way to Run it is this -

```bash
docker run --rm -v "$(pwd)":/code \
  --mount type=volume,source="$(basename "$(pwd)")_cache",target=/code/target \
  --mount type=volume,source=registry_cache,target=/usr/local/cargo/registry \
  cosmwasm/workspace-optimizer:0.12.6
```

Or, if you're on an arm64 machine, you should use a Docker Image Built with arm64.

```bash
docker run --rm -v "$(pwd)":/code \
  --mount type=volume,source="$(basename "$(pwd)")_cache",target=/code/target \
  --mount type=volume,source=registry_cache,target=/usr/local/cargo/registry \
  cosmwasm/workspace-optimizer-arm64:0.12.6
```

<Aside type="danger">
While Running this Command, make sure you have Docker Running in your Local Machine.
</Aside>

## Deployment via Router Station

<img width="1067" alt="figure 4" src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dguv1yapd/image/upload/v1726600561/router-academy-courses/yoadmjs6eih2bt4uckaz.png" />

On Router Chain, you can Directly Upload the `.wasm` file of your Project and Deploy the Contracts by Clicking on ***Upload and Instantiate***. Just Simply, Instantiate a Message and provide a Label for your Contract.
After doing this, you'll be able to Query & Execute Smart Contracts on Router Chain.

## Deployment via CLI
